what is the Event Loop?

you know JS is combination of Synchronous and Asynchronous Events

Synchronous : one after the other

Asynchronous : like callback or promises
JS is primary single thread,
 and since JS is a single threaded there's one thread that execute everything that's on the Page/website

Synchronous: it Add the Functions in the event queue and the thread execute them in order first in first out.

and when the single thread accept an event and that events happened be a func() that calls another func() that calls another func(), the single thread execute them in a stack (Call Stack) in order first in last out.
----
Asynchronous : when an async event happens there's often a callback associated with it and that callback func() is not immediately executed, so the JS adds it to the back of the event queue. 
---------------------------------------------
what is Virtual DOM ?

well, You know manipulate the dom is very expensive,and lemme demonstrate by example if you are displaying an some elements, and you decide to update one element, the JS   will rebuild the entire elements, but we only need to update one element, so the Virtual DOM came to fix this issue, and simply the Virtual DOM is representation of the dom object, and manipulating the Virtual Dom is way faster than Dom object. and how it works lets get back to the my example the array of objects and you are trying to update it, so the Virtual Dom updates all the elements, then the reactDom compare the Virtual Dom and the Virtual Dom Snapshot, React figure out exact the elements that has been updated and update the Real Dom and this process is known as Reconciliation
---------------------------------------------

what's the bridge, and how does React Native work?

Well, You know React native app is made of two pieces JS Code, and the Native code, and they are isolated and  can't speak to each other, so there's the React native bridge that makes the communication  between them.
and how does it work?
there're 4 threads, 
1-UI Thread.   handling rendering android and ios views.

JS Thread.  all of the logic of your react native application.

2- React Native Modules Thread. to access API

3-  Render Thread. and it's only for Android
 